hi this is Maryanne Mephibosheth and
this is my friend Mayumi la Miami's from
Japan and she is going to make this
delicious miso soup for us today we're
going to be using firm tofu for this
recipe this is how we get it here on the
island in a box you know one of those
pasteurized boxes like milk so because
it comes in a box we are going to soak
it for a good 10 minutes 5 10 minutes in
this bowl so we have two of these
packets they're 297 grams they have no
idea what it is in ounces but you know
calculate the size just so you know if
your tofu was fresh you do not need to
soak it now this is what we're using for
our miso soup we have dried sea
vegetable here we're not going to use
the whole thing I'll show you when we're
making it we have white miso paste and
we're also going to use dashi which is
like a fish stock sometimes miso paste
has dashi in it already so make sure you
check okay we're just gonna use one
little packet of dashi
um Miami says you can also use seaweed
stock for this okay I just put the fire
on port it sparked a little of the water
but for cause guys
Dashie okay don't forget - it depends on
the conoces
and the way and to get water warmer but
not the boat never boil missile suit ah
my ears are going to cut the tofu into
cubes and now we're going to drain it
right now this is starting to boil
remember we don't have to we can make a
boil too much we're adding the tofu now
we're putting the seaweed in spot no I
don't know maybe a quarter cup that's
good you know what that's going to
expand in the water okay so yeah it's
got a quarter cup it doesn't have to be
exact
it's fine just with the just with the
tofu and CV NATO series is expanding now
and we're just going to wait at the top
of don't post open so uh so here to get
warmer and let me put the missile
perfect
alright guys notice this is a very very
slow simmer this is what you want you do
not want this to go into a royally
rolling boil okay so now we're going to
add the miso about three tablespoons
guys would eat elysee we welcome it now
notice how she's adding this inside a
colander and slowly diluting it into the
water
she's not just dumping it into the water
okay so she's gonna taste it to see if
we're gonna need a little more miso
perfect make it alright so now our miso
soup is going to simmer for a few
minutes okay
just before you eat it eat fresh
spring onions now we're going to try
this oh that is so good she's having my
this is very very good
I'll have the recipe on the website
thankful good for your hangover good
that's good enough so I think I like
this lunch then I'll see you guys soon